Update hashProposal visibility to view (#5097)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/popular-horses-tell.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> - Update `hashProposal()` visibility to view instead of pure to allow `address(this)` and `block.chainid` to be part of the `proposalId` computation if more uniqueness between different chains is desired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Governor`: change `hashProposal()` visibility to view to allow `address(this)` and `block.chainid` to be part of the `proposalId` computation if more uniqueness between different chains is desired
```
